### Team Members : Tyler Kero and Haoyang Zhang
### Project Proposal
Our project will center around making a website that displays information in real-time for League of Legends games. The user of the product would be League of Legends players who want to understand their gameplay better First, we will use the RIOT API to first ask the user for their in game username. Next, we will use an API to obtian their hidden id which we can then use to find their game history and the current game that they are playing (the match ID). From here, we can find the information of each player in the game by searching through the match ID. The program will track the in game statistics of every player in the game. This will involve tracking the kills, assists, deaths, creep score, and most importantly the gold of each player. By tracking these variables for each player, the user can see who the strongest players in the game are and from there, make different decisions in game for their team. The user will be able to use our app to make better decisions in each game and track the progress of their team and the enemy team. We are also considering using the RIOT API to track historical Valorant statistics (kills, assists, deaths, money) as well in a similar way to that of our League of Legends stats. In the case of Valorant, it seems that only matches that have already been completed can be analyzed. We would be looking at averages of kills, death, and assists for each in game character, for the provided username. The process for obtaining the information is the same as for League of Legends, requiring only the username of the acount to obtain this data. Overall, our app has the goal to allow League of Legends and Valorant players to see statistics about their gameplay that the would not normally be able to see by just playing the game. Our would give a new perspective to the players that thye cannot see in the base game which will help them make more informed decisions about their playstyle.